notextile. <section id="basics" class="options_group">

h2. Basics

Set, check, read, reset or delete cookies manually or through HTTP variables.

p(alert-block warning). %(ui-icon ui-icon-alert).% According to the EU legislation you must warn your users if your website set cookies.

h2. Plugin requirements

oui_cookie's minimum requirements:

* "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com/ 4.6+.

h2. Installation

h3. From the admin interface

# "Download":https://github.com/NicolasGraph/oui_cookie/releases the compiled plugin file or the source to compile a customized file.
# Paste the content of the compiled plugin file under the "Admin > Plugins":?event=plugin tab and click the _Upload_ button.
# Confirm the plugin install by clicking the _Install_ button on the plugin preview page.
# Enable the plugin and click _Options_ or visit your "Admin > Preferences":?event=prefs#prefs_group_oui_cookie tab to fill the plugin prefs.

h3. Via Composer

After "installing Composer":https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md…

# Target your project directory:
@$ cd /path/to/your/textpattern/installation/dir@
# If it's not already done, lock your version of Txp:
@$ composer require textpattern/lock:4.6.2@, where @4.6.2@ is the Txp version in use.
# Install oui_cookie:
@$ composer require oui/oui_cookie@
# Connect to the Txp admin interface and click _Options_ or visit your "Admin > Preferences":?event=prefs#prefs_group_oui_cookie tab to fill the plugin prefs.

h2. Update

h3. From the admin interface

# Follow the installation instruction above.

h3. Via Composer

bc. $ composer update oui/oui_cookie

h2. Uninstall

h3. From the admin interface

# Check the box on the left of the plugin row under the "Admin > Plugins":?event=plugin.
# open the select list at the bottom of the plugins table and choose _Delete_.
# confirm the plugin deletion.

h3. Via Composer

bc. $ composer remove oui/oui_cookie

notextile. </section>
