notextile. <section id="tags" class="options_group">

h2. Tags

h3(#oui_cookie). oui_cookie

bc. <txp:oui_cookie name="…" />

or

bc.. <txp:oui_cookie name="…">
    […]
</txp:oui_cookie>

h4. Attributes

h5. Required

- @name@ :=
The cookie (and HTTP variable) name you want to use. If no other attibutes are defined, the tag will read and display the related value.
*Default:* none =:

h5. Manually set a cookie

- @value@ :=
A value to manually set the named cookie.
You can also set the cookie value by using a continer tag like you would for a variable.
*Default:* none =:

h5. Set a cookie through a HTTP variable

- @values@ :=
A comma separated list of accepted values for the url variable and its cookie.
*Default:* none =:
- @default@ :=
A default value.
If set, the plugin conditional tag will always be true if not check against a defined value.
*Default:* none =:

h5. Optional cookie settings

- @duration@ :=
The duration of the cookie.
*Default:* +1 day
*Valid:* A "strtotime":http://php.net/manual/fr/function.strtotime.php value =:

h5. Delete a cookie

- @delete@ :=
If set to @1@ this attribute will delete the named cookie.
*Default:* @0@
*Valid:* @0@ or @1@ =:

h3(#oui_cookie). oui_if_cookie

bc.. <txp:oui_if_cookie name="…">
    […]
<txp:else />
    […]
</txp:oui_if_cookie>

p. This tag checks the status or the value of the cookie (and/or the related HTTP variable) defined by the @name@ attribute.

h4. Attributes

h5. Required

- @name@* :=
The cookie (and HTTP variable) name you want to use.
*Default:* none =:
- @value@ :=
A value to check against the cookie (and/or the HTTP variable) value.
*Default:* none =:

[*] _Required._

notextile. </section>
